however the come from the effect must
designs and today is our wheel it it
looks like a BBS well as you can see it
got real really good tread on and the
light wanna just end of this click OK
and then as you can see it's got perfect
tread well obviously it's never been
used I should see the color for break
I'm the brake disc and the bolts and
there's a tread again all the way around
and then makya there we've got your car
for breaking a brake disc again and it's
working on there's its design and
there's the bolts and then to me this is
a BBS BBS in the wheel we're very good
mate so let's render it click OK and
it's perfect holiday you've just got a
bit go wide there oh but you can put
your text in and whatever you want it
almost looks like a perfect wheel in
real life and as you can see there's
some red round here so what you want to
do here is with julai just going a brake
caliper and just take this wording out
on there I then just render it again and
it should be alright and if you don't
know how to go on it it should be like I
click on brake disc and then brake disc
again what you have this one and then
Josh it should be like there's something
just click on it and click delete so I
think that's it remember to rate comment
and subscribe it looks like a perfect we
all now stay tuned for of my new
templates and my tutorials
and thank you